docs(glossary): Added scaffolding to the list (#3618)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/glossary.md

- [__Request__](/guides/dependency-management/): Refers to the expression in the require/import statement, e.g. _require("./template/" + name + ".ejs")_, the request is _"./template/" + name + ".ejs"_.

## S

> - [__Scaffolding__](/guides/scaffolding/): This feature allows to create webpack configuration by using customizable third party initialization packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [__Scaffolding__](/guides/scaffolding/): This feature allows creating a webpack configuration by using customizable third-party initialization packages.
```

> - [__Scaffolding__](/guides/scaffolding/): This feature was designed to support people who wanted to create their own configuration or initialize projects based on what other people have created.

Reviewer 2: It maybe me but why are we referring to people in the past, maybe make this less time related? e.g.
```suggestion
- [__Scaffolding__](/guides/scaffolding/): This feature allows to create webpack configuration by using customizable third party initialization packages.
```
